<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="oasis_legal">
	<title/>
	<conbody>
		<p>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards) is a
			not-for-profit, international consortium that drives the development, convergence, and
			adoption of e-business standards. Members themselves set the OASIS technical agenda,
			using a lightweight, open process expressly designed to promote industry consensus and
			unite disparate efforts. The consortium produces open standards for Web services,
			security, e-business, and standardization efforts in the public sector and for
			application-specific markets. OASIS was founded in 1993. More information can be found
			on the OASIS website at http://www.oasis-open.org.</p>
		<p>The OASIS DITA Adoption Technical Committee members collaborate to provide expertise and
			resources to educate the marketplace on the value of the DITA OASIS standard. By raising
			awareness of the benefits offered by DITA, the DITA Adoption Technical Committee expects
			the demand for, and availability of, DITA conforming products and services to increase,
			resulting in a greater choice of tools and platforms and an expanded DITA community of
			users, suppliers, and consultants.</p>
		<p>
			<b> DISCLAIMER: All examples presented in this article were produced using one or more
				tools chosen at the author's discretion and in no way reflect endorsement of the
				tools by the OASIS DITA Adoption Technical Committee.</b>
		</p>
		<p></p>
		<p>This white paper was produced and approved by the OASIS DITA Adoption Technical
			Committee as a Committee Draft. It has not been reviewed and/or approved by the OASIS
			membership at-large.</p>
		<p>Copyright © 2014 OASIS. All rights reserved.</p>
		<p>All capitalized terms in the following text have the meanings assigned to them in the
			OASIS Intellectual Property Rights Policy (the "OASIS IPR Policy"). The full Policy may
			be found at the OASIS website. This document and translations of it may be copied and
			furnished to others, and derivative works that comment on or otherwise explain it or
			assist in its implementation may be prepared, copied, published, and distributed, in
			whole or in part, without restriction of any kind, provided that the above copyright
			notice and this section are included on all such copies and derivative works. However,
			this document itself may not be modified in any way, including by removing the copyright
			notice or references to OASIS, except as needed for the purpose of developing any
			document or deliverable produced by an OASIS Technical Committee (in which case the
			rules applicable to copyrights, as set forth in the OASIS IPR Policy, must be followed)
			or as required to translate it into languages other than English. The limited
			permissions granted above are perpetual and will not be revoked by OASIS or its
			successors or assigns. This document and the information contained herein is provided on
			an "AS IS" basis and OASIS DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT
			NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY THAT THE USE OF THE INFORMATION HEREIN WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY
			OWNERSHIP RIGHTS OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A
			PARTICULAR PURPOSE.</p>
		<p>
			<lines>

	 </lines>
		</p>
		<section>
			<title>Document History</title>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="4">
					<colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1*" colsep="1"/>
					<colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="1.42*" colsep="1"/>
					<colspec colnum="3" colname="col3" colwidth="1.28*" colsep="1"/>
					<colspec colnum="4" colname="col4" colwidth="3.33*" colsep="1"/>
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry colname="col1">Revision </entry>
							<entry colname="col2">Date </entry>
							<entry colname="col3">Author </entry>
							<entry colname="col4">Summary </entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry colname="col1">First Draft</entry>
							<entry colname="col2">2 February 2014</entry>
							<entry colname="col3">Thomas</entry>
							<entry colname="col4">Initial draft</entry>
						</row>
						<!--<row>
							<entry colname="col1">Second Draft</entry>
							<entry colname="col2">30 May 2014</entry>
							<entry colname="col3">Thomas</entry>
							<entry colname="col4">Reworked to be a tutorial</entry>
						</row>
					  <row>
					    <entry colname="col1">Third Draft</entry>
					    <entry colname="col2">8 June 2014</entry>
					    <entry colname="col3">Thomas</entry>
					    <entry colname="col4">All comments incorporated</entry>
					  </row>-->
					  <row>
					    <entry colname="col1">Last Draft</entry>
					    <entry colname="col2">17 June 2014</entry>
					    <entry colname="col3">Thomas</entry>
					    <entry colname="col4">All comments incorporated</entry>
					  </row>
					  <row>
					    <entry colname="col1">Final</entry>
					    <entry colname="col2">TBD</entry>
					    <entry colname="col3">Thomas</entry>
					    <entry colname="col4">Approved</entry>
					  </row>
						<!--<row>
			 		<entry colname="col1">Draft</entry>
			 		<entry colname="col2">7 March 2012 </entry>
			 		<entry colname="col3">Raya</entry>
			 		<entry colname="col4">Added workflow diagrams</entry>
			 	</row>
			 	<row>
			 		<entry colname="col1">Committee Approved Draft </entry>
			 		<entry colname="col2">21 May 2012 </entry>
			 		<entry colname="col3">Hackos (Chair) </entry>
			 		<entry colname="col4">Adoption TC approved final draft</entry>
			 	</row>			 	-->
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
